README.md, before:

iProjs is an app that provides software developers a platform to store key and frequently accessed data on their projects to facilitate ease of reference.

## Setup and installation
The app requires Ruby and RubyGems. Fork the app repo from https://github.com/coula3/iprojs and git clone to your local environment. cd into the cloned directory and start the server with a call to port http://localhost:9393 

## How to
Create an account, a new user should click on “Sign up” on the welcome page. Sign in is also through the welcome page.

A user profile can be viewed or updated by clicking on link "My Profile" or "Edit Profile" among the nav links.

The “New Project” link allows a user to add a new project.

User projects can be accessed through "<First Name> Projects".

View a project, click on the link of the title of the project. This renders a page with details of the project.

In the view page of a project, a user can edit the project's details by clicking on “Edit Project” at the bottom. This takes you to the edit page to make the necessary changes.

Delete a record, a user must also be on the project’s page. The delete button is at the bottom of the page, beneath the links to “My Projects” and “Edit Project”..

To exit the app, click on “Sign out”


## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/coula3/iprojs. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/coula3/iprojs/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The app is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://github.com/coula3/iprojs/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Code of Conduct
Everyone interacting in the iPtojs codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/coula3/iprojs/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

add how to execute shotgun

README.md, after:

iProjs is an app that provides software developers a platform to store key and frequently accessed data on their projects to facilitate ease of reference.

## Setup and installation
The app requires Ruby and RubyGems. Fork the app repo from https://github.com/coula3/iprojs and git clone to your local environment. cd into the cloned directory, execute shotgun in the terminal and then in the address bar of your browser make a call to port http://localhost:9393.

## How to
Create an account, a new user should click on “Sign up” on the welcome page. Sign in is also through the welcome page.

A user profile can be viewed or updated by clicking on link "My Profile" or "Edit Profile" among the nav links.

The “New Project” link allows a user to add a new project.

User projects can be accessed through "<First Name> Projects".

View a project, click on the link of the title of the project. This renders a page with details of the project.

In the view page of a project, a user can edit the project's details by clicking on “Edit Project” at the bottom. This takes you to the edit page to make the necessary changes.

Delete a record, a user must also be on the project’s page. The delete button is at the bottom of the page, beneath the links to “My Projects” and “Edit Project”..

To exit the app, click on “Sign out”


## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/coula3/iprojs. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/coula3/iprojs/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The app is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://github.com/coula3/iprojs/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Code of Conduct
Everyone interacting in the iPtojs codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/coula3/iprojs/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
